Add about_me/instagram/imdb for agency employees (#99)
denkungsart/filmmakers-api: docs/actor-profiles.md

ethnic_background | Array | Contains general ethnicities or heritages of the actor. Visibility depends on the setting for `ethnic_appearances` (as described above under _attribute_visibility_).
ethnic_background_details | Array | Contains specific ethnicities or heritages of the actor, e.g., specific countries.
ethnic_background_description | string | Contains a custom description of ethnicities or heritages entered by the actor.

> about_me | string | This field is dependent on the locale, "de" and "en" are supported.

Reviewer: But that's not true, is it? Because the first input field on Filmmakers is always in the current locale the user selected?

Reviewer: Ok but please check again how the logic in the Api works, I might misremember this.

> about_me | string | This field is dependent on the locale. If no locale is passed, it defaults to "en".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about_me | string | Returned as plain text (stripped of any rich text formatting). This field is localized. If the `locale` query parameter is not provided, the API attempts to return the English (`en`) version of `about_me`. To request the `about_me` text in a specific language, use the `locale` query parameter (e.g., `?locale=de`). If the `about_me` content for the requested locale is not available, it will return null.
```
